please say hello to Curtis 50-cent
Jackson
[Applause]
you know you're supposed to leave that
out there you're not supposed to take it
home I just want to make sure if I got a
chance to see it yeah this is like one
of my my lawyers actually had the guy
who actually did the art I had to push
it in the ground do that I see you
got Curtis 50 cent Jackson the whole
name written the whole thing yeah
because what I'm doing my acting
projects up what the card is right yes
accident acting you got Curtis and then
which really is like it makes no sense
at all right but you want your name on
there because I wanted to come wanting
to see 50 cent and then see me playing a
character you gave me the lives to save
I got exactly now you were on our show
our second ever show yeah it was 17
years ago this week now you have a star
on the Hollywood Walk of Fame how much
credit should go to me for this
I just know this for the first time I
just noticed that you have stars like
right doing that's right that's how I
know where to stand
yeah why you can't just like put my name
in there I will 100% get a sharpie and
write your name on that and every night
I'll look down and I'll think of you
just as I begin to speak there it is
it's blank now but it won't be blank for
long that's for sure
yeah well put your name on every star in
the area your star is what down the
block yeah I wanted my next two trucks
because this is vandalized a lot yeah so
I just was like in the shot haven't you
been in enough shots I thought we were
friends
that's why we can speak like this
together speaking of friends two of your
good friends dr. Dre was there today
mmm was there today you get to pick two
people to speak at your your your thing
did you call them and ask them to come
well yeah I caught him first accident
coming and Dre found out that it was
gonna come and it was like well why
didn't he ask me to come and I was like
I was gonna call you I'm hoping these
available so we could drink um and then
they everybody just you know clear their
schedules I have a photograph of the you
guys together and there that's an
imposing
and you and you guys coordinated the
sneakers too which is nice
was that coincidence or was there a call
about that that was do you ever wear
dirty sneakers never never every day
come like that like the designers trying
to get like cool hip like make the shoe
look like it's dirty already I'm like
hell no Eminem spoke as I mentioned that
well we have a clip I'm a nub speech
about 50 today I just want to say man
I'm here today because this is not only
like a business partner to me it's one
of the best friends I've ever known in
the world and I would say that it's much
more fun to be his friend than it is to
be his enemy cuz this guy is relentless
[Laughter]
is that true is that you have you ever
had any kind of an issue with Eminem no
I never will never never yeah he's done
everything for me yeah right he provided
my opportunity from there Dre is like to
them what he is that's right yeah right
yeah so the happiness together is the
coolest thing it is cool he came in he's
like you yeah your beef like for the
number one spot like the show being a
number one spot right like that's not
really a beef though it's a competition
that I consistently lose now I believed
you like the first time you told me that
yeah believe you know more did you bring
that up last time no because now I don't
figure it out y'all got the same agent
right yeah yeah right like 20 years yeah
you didn't tell me this bro I don't know
I'll fill you in on a lot of stuff about
me if you like watching these people I'm
like yeah and it's like you Steven I'd
like that you've been doing some
research on my relationship with Stephen
Colbert and yeah we do have the same
agent that's true so how does that work
yeah what's this guy you talk to him he
just wants Commission's that's all he's
interested in oh yeah I liked reduce you
to him his name's babydoll you'll like
him he's gonna wake up out of his Bible
he's probably watching Colbert but
tomorrow when somebody tells him we
mentioned him he will wake up it'll go
all baby I saw let's talk about you
let's focus I have very little time with
you and I want to ask you a couple of
questions will you go to the Super Bowl
first of all yeah y'all go out there do
you have a favorite team of these two no
you do no I think I'm good I don't even
know which way I go if I was betting
yeah are you gonna bet no I would really
bet friends you would only back friend
not boy
the sports book because they like make
it close and it's not even that close
all right see what's the most amount of
money you have ever lost at a sports
book but about $80,000 $80,000 what was
that bad it was a Manny Pacquiao Bradley
fight Oh Bradley and Manny Pacquiao won
that fight and he yeah he but he it was
a good decision or something right there
yeah yeah and you lost yeah they said
Bradley won the fight I forgot my
bradley was with barbera you oh I said
yeah boxing is always a little criminal
enterprise I want to mention a couple of
things this is a season for now a power
I remember you came here when it first
started and you're doing this show and
and now it's become this like big
culture I'm surprised you're ending the
show
well it's only ending to start again I
say no cuz power book two the second
book starts forty-eight hours after the
finale power book did you have to call
the people at Apple and say we have a
show called power book - are we allowed
to call it that because most of the
stories on television - made from books
uh-huh book - book three I got you it
makes sense yeah and this other show
that is gonna be on ABC for life for
life this is a very interesting story
how did you get involved with this um
actually it connects to marvelous
with Floyd Oh because I was a licensed
promoter in the state of Nevada okay at
the time a friend of Mines they wanted
me to come to like a Fight Club and it
was like it was illegal like the fight
wasn't legal so so there was a real
Fight Club
yeah like this guy's riding Park for the
gloves or the fight it turned it to
about 300 people hanging out like coming
to see it so they wanted me to come and
I was like I'm not going because it's
still illegal I still got my license I
don't want it right you don't want to
mess with that yeah and then um they had
their hire an attorney to help
legitimize the actually showed it was
going on yet and the attorney that the
Hyatt was Isaac right joinha who the
story is loosely based on on ABC he
became he started to become an attorney
while he was incarcerated
you helped he was sentenced to 70 years
plus life the first person convicted
under the came to stature
in New Jersey and he worked himself out
of the penitentiary he loitered himself
out of prison and then some other
inmates as well right he created a case
law through other inmates cases that
helped him get this case back in the
court and he got himself out that's very
interesting by this you said I want to
make it it was not like one in a million
it's like only one like case like I was
like well you see I just exploded a
story to me I was like I was looking I
got my phone I'm like Google in it to
make sure he was not
yeah make sure this is true because yeah
telling me some crazy and then then when
they found when it turned out to be true
I was like yo this is good I started
paying people right away this is my show
on TV what do you mean you you actually
made the transaction in person how much
money you have on you right now on it I
didn't bring money with me oh you don't
have any money is it in the dressing
room because it's D Ramona go move
around before he gets ya you you really
will have no money to drop yep drug
security well it's great to see you
congratulations on that's a big deal
gradual agent power
stars and the moon so for life Tuesday
February 11 be on ABC for this 50 cent
action
hey I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back this
holiday season in a fun way by my new
book the serious goose I wrote it and
through it all the money I make goes to
children's hospitals across the country
or watch another gaming video and don't
help kids it's up to you